Add delegate methods for tapping route duration. (#4133)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

### Map

* `NavigationMapView.removeAlternativeRoutes()` and `NavigationMapView.removeContinuousAlternativeRoutesDurations()` were made public to provide a way to remove previously shown alternative routes and alternative routes duration annotations, respectively. ([#4134](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/4134))

> * Fixed an issue where users tap on the route duration bubble, the wrong route or continuous alternative route is selected. ([#4133](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/4133))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where tapping on a route duration annotation that overlaps a different route would cause the wrong route to be passed into `NavigationMapViewDelegate.navigationMapView(_:didSelect:)` or `NavigationMapViewDelegate.navigationMapView(_:didSelect:)`. ([#4133](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/4133))
```
